---
title: Guns Akimbo (2019)
description: A quick review of Guns Akimbo (2019)
tags:
  - movies
  - thoughts
date: 2020-05-23
---

Watched the movie [Guns Akimbo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guns_Akimbo) last night. So much fun! 

{% eleventyImage "./src/assets/images/posts/2020/guns-akimbo-2019-01.jpg", "Daniel Radcliffe but he has guns instead of a wand", "Daniel Radcliffe but he has guns instead of a wand - The Movie Database (TMDB)" %}

Guns Akimbo is a New Zealand film about Daniel Radcliffe who finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark and violent website that streams death matches for its viewers. Miles is put up against heavily armed Nix against his will and ends up having to save his kidnapped ex-girlfriend.

I laughed all the way through, covered my eyes at the over the top violence and had a great time.

{% eleventyImage "./src/assets/images/posts/2020/guns-akimbo-2019-02.jpg", "New Zealand favourite Rhys Darby", "New Zealand favourite Rhys Darby - The Movie Database (TMDB)" %}

Rhys Darby was a highlight of the film, seeing him pull out a crack pipe from out of nowhere and take a hit was hilarious (don't smoke crack though).

{% eleventyImage "./src/assets/images/posts/2020/guns-akimbo-2019-03.jpg", "What a ride", "What a wild ride - The Movie Database (TMDB)" %}

I don't think that I've seen Daniel Radcliffe in a movie since the last Harry Potter film, I think that this shows he definitely has talent and hope that he sees more success out of that franchise! 

As I said, I really enjoyed this movie and I think the message I got from watching it is true to today's society where people will watch and get invested in moronic stuff, even if it is people killing each other! How soon until something like this is a real-world concept? 

We need help.