---
title: What A Weekend
description: Damn, what a weekend. Friends, beers, live music, good times.
tags:
  - music
  - life
date: 2024-01-07

---

After two weeks up north in Auckland and on Waiheke Island for our family summer break my wife gave me the best thing I could ever ask for as a dad. A night and morning at home without the kids and dogs. She's the best.

After family duties had been done and they were on their way over the hill for the weekend I was droppped off at my [favourite brewery](https://baylands.beer) where I met my good friends for lunch and a few beers. The beer is good, the food is good, the company was good, what more could I ask for to kick off the day.

The sky was overcast but it was warm. We had a 3.5 km walk to the venue for [Juicy Fest](http://web.archive.org/web/20231004201022/https://www.juicyfest.co/). The walk was easy and more time to catch up with my mates. 

We picked up tickets months ago with the main draw card for us being Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. Unfortunately due to [Krayzie Bone's recent health issues](https://allhiphop.com/news/krayzie-bone-bone-thugs-n-harmony-hospital/) the group decided it was not a good time to tour, however Bizzy Bone would represent Bone for this set of shows. I was also looking forward to The Game, but he pulled his usual bullshit of not showing, it sounds like he has trouble leaving the States.

Once inside we only had twenty minutes to wait until Bizzy Bone got on stage so we grabbed some drinks. The lines weren't long and gave us time to chat to other people and hear who they were looking forward to seeing today.

Bizzy's set was great, he a couple verses from early Bone classics, Crossroads, For Tha Love Of Money, Thug Luv, Notorious Thugs, and a verse from Eazy E's Boyz N The Hood. I think the set only ended up being twenty minutes which was a bit short for my liking and I would have hoped it would be longer if the whole crew were there. Anyway, praying for Krayzie for a speedie recovery and hope the group can tour later this year. 

For the rest of the gig we traversed the crowd having a chat and enjoying the rest of the show. We decided to leave a bit before T-Pain's set was finished to beat the crowd at the end which was a good move. We had to walk a bit from the venue to get a taxi for a fair price.

It was great to get out and listen to live music again with friends and am looking forward to seeing Blink-182 in a few months when they come to the country!