---
title: Griselda (2024)
description: The rise and fall of Miami based drug lord, Griselda Blanco
tags:
  - tv
  - weblogpomo2024
date: 2024-05-06
timestamp: 2024-05-06T10:36:55.292Z
---

How's it going, Internet? For day six of [#WeblogPoMo2024](/tags/weblogpomo2024/), I'm going to write about a TV show I just finished watching: Griselda. Not to be confused with [Griselda Records](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griselda_Records), the record label named after Griselda Blanco. (That is a post for another day.)

The miniseries, which has six episodes, tells the story of Griselda Blanco's rise to becoming a notorious drug lord with ties to the Medellin cartel.

I enjoyed watching the show, and the story was interesting. As half the show was subtitled, I had to focus to catch all the dialogue. No way are you scrolling your phone while taking all this in.

Knowing that the events depicted actually took place and were probably even more violent than what was shown reinforced my understanding that I am not a fan of this type of industry and do not support it. Nevertheless, I find myself intrigued by the lifestyle portrayed in the show.

After watching many shows like this, I have come to realise that no matter how high up in the drug game someone may be, it only takes a minor mistake to bring everything crashing down around them. This made me wonder if all the risks and sacrifices these people make are actually worth it.

[Sofía Vergara's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sofía_Vergara) performance was excellent; I'd only seen her in Modern Family before watching this. 

If you haven't watched Griselda and are a fan of crime dramas based on reality, then definitely check it out. 

Check back in a few days for a post about Griselda Records.