src/posts/2024/2024-07-31-monthly-recap-july-2024.md, before:

---
title: "Monthly Recap: July 2024"
description: What's up, Internet? A couple of blog posts, heaps of bookmarks and a few updates from these corners of the web.
tags:
  - monthly recap
hashtags:
  - web
  - blogging
  - smallweb
  - indieweb
date: 2024-08-04
timestamp: 2024-08-04T07:59:18.203Z
youtube: true
---

What’s going on Internet? And just like that, it's August. I still don't think I've recovered from WeblogPoMo in May or parental leave is taking up too much of my mental capacity to leave anything in the tank for writting blog posts. But oh well. I'm pretty happy with the [Rebuilding The Web](/posts/rebuilding-the-web/), give it a read and let me know what you think?

## Blogging

Another light month for me, but that's okay.

- [Tobey](/posts/tobey/): In the midst of [The Death Of Slim Shady](https://musicthread.app/link/2iywclckgtfrQXKXJFhakey0ZoS?) hype, the video for the second single, Tobey, dropped and I was digging it. The album's been out for almost four weeks now and I need to write down my thoughts.
- [Rebuilding The Web](/posts/rebuilding-the-web/): I'd been sitting on this one for too long and finally got it out of my head and onto the web.

## Reading

Three books this month, the weather has been wet so haven't been out in the garden or walking the dogs as much. I also picked up a few extra one off podcasts that took up listening time.

- [Raising a Screen Smart Kid](https://bookhub.co.nz/p/raising-a-screen-smart-kid-embrace-the-good-and-avoid-the-bad-in-the-digital-age) by Julianna Miner: As our kids get older I think about how to navigate them being connected a lot. I want to make sure that they both have a healthy relationship with technology and don't feel like they have to hide anything from me or their mum. This book was a good listen and covered topics like when is a good time for a child to get their first "smart" phone, social media and it's relationship to loneliness, strategies for finding support online, learning and development with technology and being able to identify and avoid inappropriate content online. Lots to navigate, lots to think about. Who knows what the internet landscape will look like in ten years...
- [Smash!](https://bookshop.org/p/books/smash-green-day-the-offspring-bad-religion-nofx-and-the-90s-punk-explosion-ian-winwood/8702289) by Ian Winwood: A story about Green Day, The Offspring, Bad Religion, NOFX and the punk explosion of the 90s. Amazing stories from some great bands of the early 90s.
- [God Save The Queens](https://bookhub.co.nz/p/god-save-the-queens-the-essential-history-of-women-in-hip-hop) by Kathy Landoli: You've read the stories of male hip hop legends? But what about the ladies? Another fantastic read full of stories from the early days of hip hop from a different perspective.

## Music

I didn't pick up any new records this month. I did pre-order two copies of The Death Of Slim Shady though. One original and one alternative cover. They won't ship until October so won't add them to the [Recordshelf](/recordshelf/) until I have them in my hands.

I should spend some time hunting down some of my wish list, always a fun activity, especially for records that haven't had any re-issues.

## Bookmarks

-   [Cool URLs Mean Something - The History of the Web](https://thehistoryoftheweb.com/cool-urls-mean-something/) - What happens when a large entity like MTV suddenly deletes their content archive dating back to 1997?
-   [Let’s take back the Web!](https://markus.hofer.rocks/take-back-the-web) - We don't have to be held to the rules of platforms and social media. Make your own website!
-   [Why a personal site rather than social media presence?](https://hamatti.org/posts/why-personal-site-rather-than-social-media-presence/) - Hamattion why they have a website rather than just a social media profile
-   [What helps me browse a personal website | Bacardi55's Web Cave](https://bacardi55.io/2024/07/09/what-helps-me-browse-a-personal-website/) - I find myself highly aligned with bacardi55's preferences!
-   [WTF happened to blogs | Michal's corner](https://mpmisko.github.io/2024/wtf-happened-to-blogs/) \- What happened to blogs, or what happened to the web?
-   [Server Side Includes, the hottest of the web in 1995](https://vesa.piittinen.name/blog/2020/10/server-side-includes-the-hottest-of-the-web-in-1995) - Supercharge your website with Server Side Includes. Managing a common header, navigation and footer is easy. You just need an Apache webserver.
-   [The internet's original sin](https://joanwestenberg.com/the-internets-original-sin) - Sustainable models are needed to continue to support an open web
-   [A Personal Site Versus Social Media - Jason Journals](https://jasonjournals.com/posts/a-personal-site-versus-social-media) - Why you should have a website to supplement your social media too...
-   [Finding the indie web is hard | Delyo's garden](https://garden.delyo.be/rants/finding-the-indieweb/) - The struggles and challenges of finding and connecting with independent, personal websites and blogs outside of the walled gardens in the small web.
-   [Now that we have the IndieWeb how are others to find it?](https://disassociated.com/now-we-have-indieweb-how-to-find/) -
-   [Natural Responsiveness](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-advanced-html-and-css-natural-responsiveness) - Tips and examples to help maintain natural responsiveness in web design. Great for HTML/CSS beginners
-   [The next decade of the web | James' Coffee Blog](https://jamesg.blog/2024/05/19/next-web-decade/) - The positive and negative personal experiences of growing up on the web. What's next for the web?
-   [The Revenge of the Home Page](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/infinite-scroll/the-revenge-of-the-home-page) - Can the website home page become a key platform for media outlets again against the dominance of social media?
-   [The Internet is a Series of Webs](https://aramzs.xyz/essays/the-internet-is-a-series-of-webs/) - The fate of the open web is inextricable from the other ways our world is in crisis. What can we do about it?
-   [I feel hacked](https://noisydeadlines.net/i-feel-hacked) - Thoughts on how the internet and social media have evolved over the years into it's current state of ads and addictive scrolling. What are the trade-offs between the benefits and downsides of being online?

## Website

Another month that I haven't updated to 11ty 3.0.0 but now that the [beta](https://www.11ty.dev/blog/three-point-oh-beta-one/) is available I'll try and get that done during August.

I updated the [Feeds](/feeds/) page with a new JSON feed for my [posts](/posts/) to better control my [EchoFeed](https://echofeed.app/).

I had another go at creating individual pages for each book on the [Bookshelf](/bookshelf/) after seeing Cory do it successfully. When I sat down to do it, it only took ten minutes to get going.

[The Movie Database](https://themoviedb.org/) is a fantastic resource so I updated my TV and Movie data to link to it rather than Trakt.

Over on the [Links](/links/) page I added a new [personal](/links/#coolSites) site and two new [directories](/links/#webdirs) as well as some handy navigation links to help you get to the section you want to check out.

[JCProbably](https://blog.jeddacp.com/) and [Lou Plummer](https://louplummer.lol/) kicked off a new blog directory project, [Blogroll Club](https://blogroll.club/) which I submitted fLaMEd Fury to, go check it out.

## Around the web

Friend of the site, [Sara Joy](https://sarajoy.dev) kicked off July with a post titled [Everybody's Free (To Write Websites)](https://sarajoy.dev/blog/write-websites/), a fantastic play on 1997's run away hit [Everybody's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ7AzBIJoI). What started with a simple text parody turned into an audio adventure with [Keenan](https://gkeenan.co/) providing a voice over and wrapped up with [Robb](https://rknight.me/) contributing some visuals. The end result? A small web masterpiece. Check it out below.

{% youtube 'v5UsuZ4DS_Q', 'Everybodys Free (to Make Websites)' %}

Over at the [32 Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/) we're hosting our 5th Code Jam, [Back To School](https://32bit.cafe/~xandra/events/codejam5/). It's running from August 4 - 17 so you have plenty of time to join in the fun.

>The 32-Bit Cafe is taking a field trip together this August to help school others in topics we're interested in! Build a webpage about a complicated concept you love explaining. Create a whole microsite about a topic you wish more people would ask you about or a topic you're learning yourself. Your submission can be just a tiny part of a larger subject or all-encompassing. The scope is up to you! If you're unsure of any ideas, you can always dedicate a page to your favorite subject in school, college, or university.

Submissions can be a microsite or a simple blog post. If this sounds like you, come join us on the [forums](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/t/community-code-jam-5-is-live/1143).

I'll try get these out earlier in future. Catch you on the flip side 🤙

Commit message:

update: add gaming to monthyl post...

src/posts/2024/2024-07-31-monthly-recap-july-2024.md, after:

---
title: "Monthly Recap: July 2024"
description: What's up, Internet? A couple of blog posts, heaps of bookmarks and a few updates from these corners of the web.
tags:
  - monthly recap
hashtags:
  - web
  - blogging
  - smallweb
  - indieweb
date: 2024-08-04
timestamp: 2024-08-04T07:59:18.203Z
youtube: true
---

What’s going on Internet? And just like that, it's August. I still don't think I've recovered from WeblogPoMo in May or parental leave is taking up too much of my mental capacity to leave anything in the tank for writting blog posts. But oh well. I'm pretty happy with the [Rebuilding The Web](/posts/rebuilding-the-web/), give it a read and let me know what you think?

## Blogging

Another light month for me, but that's okay.

- [Tobey](/posts/tobey/): In the midst of [The Death Of Slim Shady](https://musicthread.app/link/2iywclckgtfrQXKXJFhakey0ZoS?) hype, the video for the second single, Tobey, dropped and I was digging it. The album's been out for almost four weeks now and I need to write down my thoughts.
- [Rebuilding The Web](/posts/rebuilding-the-web/): I'd been sitting on this one for too long and finally got it out of my head and onto the web.

## Reading

Three books this month, the weather has been wet so haven't been out in the garden or walking the dogs as much. I also picked up a few extra one off podcasts that took up listening time.

- [Raising a Screen Smart Kid](https://bookhub.co.nz/p/raising-a-screen-smart-kid-embrace-the-good-and-avoid-the-bad-in-the-digital-age) by Julianna Miner: As our kids get older I think about how to navigate them being connected a lot. I want to make sure that they both have a healthy relationship with technology and don't feel like they have to hide anything from me or their mum. This book was a good listen and covered topics like when is a good time for a child to get their first "smart" phone, social media and it's relationship to loneliness, strategies for finding support online, learning and development with technology and being able to identify and avoid inappropriate content online. Lots to navigate, lots to think about. Who knows what the internet landscape will look like in ten years...
- [Smash!](https://bookshop.org/p/books/smash-green-day-the-offspring-bad-religion-nofx-and-the-90s-punk-explosion-ian-winwood/8702289) by Ian Winwood: A story about Green Day, The Offspring, Bad Religion, NOFX and the punk explosion of the 90s. Amazing stories from some great bands of the early 90s.
- [God Save The Queens](https://bookhub.co.nz/p/god-save-the-queens-the-essential-history-of-women-in-hip-hop) by Kathy Landoli: You've read the stories of male hip hop legends? But what about the ladies? Another fantastic read full of stories from the early days of hip hop from a different perspective.

## Music

I didn't pick up any new records this month. I did pre-order two copies of The Death Of Slim Shady though. One original and one alternative cover. They won't ship until October so won't add them to the [Recordshelf](/recordshelf/) until I have them in my hands.

I should spend some time hunting down some of my wish list, always a fun activity, especially for records that haven't had any re-issues.

## Bookmarks

-   [Cool URLs Mean Something - The History of the Web](https://thehistoryoftheweb.com/cool-urls-mean-something/) - What happens when a large entity like MTV suddenly deletes their content archive dating back to 1997?
-   [Let’s take back the Web!](https://markus.hofer.rocks/take-back-the-web) - We don't have to be held to the rules of platforms and social media. Make your own website!
-   [Why a personal site rather than social media presence?](https://hamatti.org/posts/why-personal-site-rather-than-social-media-presence/) - Hamattion why they have a website rather than just a social media profile
-   [What helps me browse a personal website | Bacardi55's Web Cave](https://bacardi55.io/2024/07/09/what-helps-me-browse-a-personal-website/) - I find myself highly aligned with bacardi55's preferences!
-   [WTF happened to blogs | Michal's corner](https://mpmisko.github.io/2024/wtf-happened-to-blogs/) \- What happened to blogs, or what happened to the web?
-   [Server Side Includes, the hottest of the web in 1995](https://vesa.piittinen.name/blog/2020/10/server-side-includes-the-hottest-of-the-web-in-1995) - Supercharge your website with Server Side Includes. Managing a common header, navigation and footer is easy. You just need an Apache webserver.
-   [The internet's original sin](https://joanwestenberg.com/the-internets-original-sin) - Sustainable models are needed to continue to support an open web
-   [A Personal Site Versus Social Media - Jason Journals](https://jasonjournals.com/posts/a-personal-site-versus-social-media) - Why you should have a website to supplement your social media too...
-   [Finding the indie web is hard | Delyo's garden](https://garden.delyo.be/rants/finding-the-indieweb/) - The struggles and challenges of finding and connecting with independent, personal websites and blogs outside of the walled gardens in the small web.
-   [Now that we have the IndieWeb how are others to find it?](https://disassociated.com/now-we-have-indieweb-how-to-find/) -
-   [Natural Responsiveness](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-advanced-html-and-css-natural-responsiveness) - Tips and examples to help maintain natural responsiveness in web design. Great for HTML/CSS beginners
-   [The next decade of the web | James' Coffee Blog](https://jamesg.blog/2024/05/19/next-web-decade/) - The positive and negative personal experiences of growing up on the web. What's next for the web?
-   [The Revenge of the Home Page](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/infinite-scroll/the-revenge-of-the-home-page) - Can the website home page become a key platform for media outlets again against the dominance of social media?
-   [The Internet is a Series of Webs](https://aramzs.xyz/essays/the-internet-is-a-series-of-webs/) - The fate of the open web is inextricable from the other ways our world is in crisis. What can we do about it?
-   [I feel hacked](https://noisydeadlines.net/i-feel-hacked) - Thoughts on how the internet and social media have evolved over the years into it's current state of ads and addictive scrolling. What are the trade-offs between the benefits and downsides of being online?

## Gaming

I recently upgrade the CPU in my [gaming rig](https://flamedfury.com/computerhistory/#current-rig) and that got my hyped to play Cyberpunk 2077. I can't believe it's taken me so long to play this one. This is my favourite type of game. When I've finished with this I want to go back and finish the recent Jedi Star Wars games that I didn't get too far into.

However, this past week has been Warcraft heavy. I finally played a bit of [Mists of Pandaria Remix](https://worldofwarcraft.blizzard.com/en-us/news/24092672/updated-522-world-of-warcraft-remix-mists-of-pandaria-now-live), but with less than twenty days left in the event, I'm not sure if I'll get much done in it. I have however been playing a bunch of the exapansion pre-event. Levelling and gearing up alts that I'll most likely not be playing when The War Within drops. They'll be happily geared and look good however.

I'll be out of the country with the family at the end of the month during the expansion launch so I will miss out on launch day fun and levelling up with everyone else. Shouldn't be a problem as the raids don't open until a month after launch, plenty of time to catch up and get raid ready.

Anyway, I'll head back to Cyberpunk and finish that up before that happens.

## Website

Another month that I haven't updated to 11ty 3.0.0 but now that the [beta](https://www.11ty.dev/blog/three-point-oh-beta-one/) is available I'll try and get that done during August.

I updated the [Feeds](/feeds/) page with a new JSON feed for my [posts](/posts/) to better control my [EchoFeed](https://echofeed.app/).

I had another go at creating individual pages for each book on the [Bookshelf](/bookshelf/) after seeing Cory do it successfully. When I sat down to do it, it only took ten minutes to get going.

[The Movie Database](https://themoviedb.org/) is a fantastic resource so I updated my TV and Movie data to link to it rather than Trakt.

Over on the [Links](/links/) page I added a new [personal](/links/#coolSites) site and two new [directories](/links/#webdirs) as well as some handy navigation links to help you get to the section you want to check out.

[JCProbably](https://blog.jeddacp.com/) and [Lou Plummer](https://louplummer.lol/) kicked off a new blog directory project, [Blogroll Club](https://blogroll.club/) which I submitted fLaMEd Fury to, go check it out.

## Around the web

Friend of the site, [Sara Joy](https://sarajoy.dev) kicked off July with a post titled [Everybody's Free (To Write Websites)](https://sarajoy.dev/blog/write-websites/), a fantastic play on 1997's run away hit [Everybody's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ7AzBIJoI). What started with a simple text parody turned into an audio adventure with [Keenan](https://gkeenan.co/) providing a voice over and wrapped up with [Robb](https://rknight.me/) contributing some visuals. The end result? A small web masterpiece. Check it out below.

{% youtube 'v5UsuZ4DS_Q', 'Everybodys Free (to Make Websites)' %}

Over at the [32 Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/) we're hosting our 5th Code Jam, [Back To School](https://32bit.cafe/~xandra/events/codejam5/). It's running from August 4 - 17 so you have plenty of time to join in the fun.

>The 32-Bit Cafe is taking a field trip together this August to help school others in topics we're interested in! Build a webpage about a complicated concept you love explaining. Create a whole microsite about a topic you wish more people would ask you about or a topic you're learning yourself. Your submission can be just a tiny part of a larger subject or all-encompassing. The scope is up to you! If you're unsure of any ideas, you can always dedicate a page to your favorite subject in school, college, or university.

Submissions can be a microsite or a simple blog post. If this sounds like you, come join us on the [forums](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/t/community-code-jam-5-is-live/1143).

I'll try get these out earlier in future. Catch you on the flip side 🤙
