src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About
permalink: /about/index.html
description: About fLaMEd
layout: about
---

Kia ora 👋, I'm fLaMEd 🔥 I'm the webmaster of fLaMEdFURY. I have been a citizen of the Internet since [1996](/memories/). I love the Web (as well as the Internet), but not all things about the Web. I dislike the modern Web's current commercialisation, monetisation, and walled garden silo approach. [I wrote about that](/manifesto/).

I enjoy keeping fit by lifting weights and riding my spin bike in my garage gym. To ensure I leave the house during the day, I walk our dogs twice daily and take advantage of the beautiful bush walks in the regional park across the road.

Working out, walking the dogs, or doing chores around the house, I'm most likely listening to [music](/recordshelf/) or an [audiobook](/bookshelf/). It's not often that I'm not!

I enjoy reading both [books](/bookshelf/) and [comics](/comics/). If I'm not in the mood for reading, I want nothing more than to chill on the couch and enjoy a movie or a TV show.

While I don't have the time and energy for it like I used to, I love playing [computer games](/gameshelf/) on my PC or Steam Deck.

I'm a big fan of beer and have tried thousands during my time, but I have settled on a few styles that I enjoy. As well as drinking beer, I also enjoy brewing it and do this regularly.

My family is my greatest joy. My wife and son are my number one priority in life.

## About my homepage

I build my homepage with the static site generator [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/). 

The current version (2302) used the starter project [Eleventy Excellent](https://github.com/madrilene/eleventy-excellent) by [Lene Saile](https://www.lenesaile.com/en/) as the starting point.

All development is done locally in [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and pushed to [Github](https://github.com/flamedfury/flamedfury.com).

Every commit starts a new build, and the website is deployed to [Netlify](https://netlify.com/).

Commit message:

site: moved contact form from contact page to about page and removed contact from navigation

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About
permalink: /about/index.html
description: About fLaMEd
layout: about
---

Kia ora 👋, I'm fLaMEd 🔥 I'm the webmaster of fLaMEdFURY. I have been a citizen of the Internet since [1996](/memories/). I love the Web (as well as the Internet), but not all things about the Web. I dislike the modern Web's current commercialisation, monetisation, and walled garden silo approach. [I wrote about that](/manifesto/).

I enjoy keeping fit by lifting weights and riding my spin bike in my garage gym. To ensure I leave the house during the day, I walk our dogs twice daily and take advantage of the beautiful bush walks in the regional park across the road.

Working out, walking the dogs, or doing chores around the house, I'm most likely listening to [music](/recordshelf/) or an [audiobook](/bookshelf/). It's not often that I'm not!

I enjoy reading both [books](/bookshelf/) and [comics](/comics/). If I'm not in the mood for reading, I want nothing more than to chill on the couch and enjoy a movie or a TV show.

While I don't have the time and energy for it like I used to, I love playing [computer games](/gameshelf/) on my PC or Steam Deck.

I'm a big fan of beer and have tried thousands during my time, but I have settled on a few styles that I enjoy. As well as drinking beer, I also enjoy brewing it and do this regularly.

My family is my greatest joy. My wife and son are my number one priority in life.

## Contact me

Email ✉️ is the easiest way to contact me. Hit me up [flamed@flamedfury.com](mailto:flamed@flamefury.com?subject=Sup%20fLaMEd?), I’d love to hear from you.

I’m not active on social media, so you won’t find me on any of the corporate silos.

If email isn’t your thing you can fill out the contact form below and I’ll do my best to get back to you.

{% include "partials/contact-form.njk" %}

## About my homepage

I build my homepage with the static site generator [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/). 

The current version (2302) used the starter project [Eleventy Excellent](https://github.com/madrilene/eleventy-excellent) by [Lene Saile](https://www.lenesaile.com/en/) as the starting point.

All development is done locally in [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and pushed to [Github](https://github.com/flamedfury/flamedfury.com).

Every commit starts a new build, and the website is deployed to [Netlify](https://netlify.com/).
