src/recordshelf.md, before:

---
title: Recordshelf 🎧
description: my collection of music
layout: page.njk
---

Music has always been a huge part of my life.

I'm happy listening to almost anything, my number one absolute joy when it comes to music for as long as I can remember has been rap music. The way the artists take words, twist them, make them fit a scheme, the complete mastery of language is super awesome to me. Second to the words are the beats, from the energetic, to the chilling to the haunting, it's music that moves me.

Then there's pop-punk, punk rock, alt-rock, whatever it is. You know the songs with that nasely accent and the elongated pronunciation of words? The music that embraces (most of the time) the fun things in life, partying, skating, surfing. Especially the ones i can sing along to, but also heartbreak. I'm glad to have recently found a new era of artists following this style of music.

Dance music, I've tasted this over the last few decades with a long affair with hard dance, damn what a time to be alive that was. Many nights spent form dusk to dawn with smiles, hugs, and laughs.

And don't forget pop music. I love the formulaic construction of a banger, songs that are catchy and fun to sing along to. Don't get me wrong, some of it is horrible, but i can find joy in most of it.

## Mixtapes & playlists

As you can tell, I love music. I also love to create mixtapes and playlists. Below are a selection of my most thoughtout mixtapes and playlists. Give them a listen and let me know what you think.

#### This is: Griselda Records

Aye yo, doot doot doot doot. They don't make them like this anymore. Griselda Records, the home of Westside Gunn, Conway, and Benny the Butcher. Grisalda make the type of music that want you to go outside and ride your bike without a helmet. Salute to the kings of the underground.

Griselda had a huge run between 2018 and 2021 with dozens of releases and additions to their roster to compliment Gunn, Conway and Benny.

These are some of my favourite records from the group, including posse cuts, features and individual records.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/61zzitaZHZegpeopBwXaw1?si=bc4fb5c9f57b425a

#### Mixtape: DMX

With DMX's passing in 2020 I sat down and put together a list of my favourite DMX records to listen to as I digested the news.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4znazXAVg5JzrSztz9QScn?si=a3d44f9ed7a548bb

#### Mixtape: Dipset vs The Lox

The most anticipated Versuz of 2020 where everybody thought that a Dipset victory was a sure thing. However, on the night, The Lox came in and slaughtered. These are my favourite records from both groups.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2LzbHSAF6thjVXQQ2srPVH?si=258d2580ec71426f

#### Mixtape: The Game

The Game was at one point Dr Dre's protege and 50 Cent's antagonist, and forever carrying the West Coast on his back. A long career with a huge catelogue of music. This mixtape features my favourite album cuts and features.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/45FOl0VxnVtt4PQejGitaB?si=943c9ae8c97f4586

#### Mixtape: Miley Cyrus

It isn't a secret that [Miley](https://miley.flamedfury.com) is my favourite musician. From TV star, to music's wild child, in 2020, Miley hit her best self with the release of Plastic Hearts.

These are my favourite Miley records.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4zVVZeKGDruP4pfD78AjHz?si=1be0dcce05b744c8

## Impactful albums

these are the albums that have impacted me in one way or another throughout my life.

- The Chipmunks Rock the House (1991)
- Rage Against The Machine (1992)
- Gangsta's Paradise (1995)
- Evil Empire (1996)
- The Slim Shady LP (1999)
- 2001 (1999)
- BTNHResurrection (2000)
- The Marshall Mathers LP (2000)

## Fan pages

Check out my mini fan pages.

- [Miley](https://miley.flamedfury.com)

## What am I listening to?

It's not often that I'm not listening to music while out and about, walking the dogs or doing chores around the house.

### Recent tracks

My last.fm most recently played tracks 3x2 as of {% currentDate %}

{% include "partials/_recentlyplayed.njk" %}

### Top albums

My last.fm top albums 3x3 for the last month as of {% currentDate %}

{% include "partials/_topalbums.njk" %}

Commit message:

add vinyl collection to recordshelf

src/recordshelf.md, after:

---
title: Recordshelf 🎧
description: my collection of music
layout: page.njk
---

Music has always been a huge part of my life.

I'm happy listening to almost anything, my number one absolute joy when it comes to music for as long as I can remember has been rap music. The way the artists take words, twist them, make them fit a scheme, the complete mastery of language is super awesome to me. Second to the words are the beats, from the energetic, to the chilling to the haunting, it's music that moves me.

Then there's pop-punk, punk rock, alt-rock, whatever it is. You know the songs with that nasely accent and the elongated pronunciation of words? The music that embraces (most of the time) the fun things in life, partying, skating, surfing. Especially the ones i can sing along to, but also heartbreak. I'm glad to have recently found a new era of artists following this style of music.

Dance music, I've tasted this over the last few decades with a long affair with hard dance, damn what a time to be alive that was. Many nights spent form dusk to dawn with smiles, hugs, and laughs.

And don't forget pop music. I love the formulaic construction of a banger, songs that are catchy and fun to sing along to. Don't get me wrong, some of it is horrible, but i can find joy in most of it.

## Vinyl collection

My record collection. Details to come.

- DMX - The Legacy
- Miley Cyrus - Plastic Hearts
- Mark Ronson Feat: Miley Cyrus - Nothing Breaks Like A Heart
- Conway The Machine & The Alchemist - LULU
- Conway The Machine & Big Ghost LTD - No One Mourns The Wicked
- Conway The Machine & Big Ghost LTD - If It Bleeds It Can Be Killed
- Conway The Machine - La Maquina
- Machine Gun Kelly - Tickets To My Downfall
- Eminem - The Marshall Mathers LP
- Eminem - Kamikaze
- Eminem - Music To Be Murdered By
- Benny The Butcher - The Plugs I Met
- Taylor Swift - Fearless (Taylor's Version)
- Fly My Pretties - The Studio Recordings Part 1
- Fly My Pretties - The Studio Recordings Part 2
- Elemeno P - Love & Disrespect
- Che Fu - Navigator

## Mixtapes & playlists

As you can tell, I love music. I also love to create mixtapes and playlists. Below are a selection of my most thoughtout mixtapes and playlists. Give them a listen and let me know what you think.

#### This is: Griselda Records

Aye yo, doot doot doot doot. They don't make them like this anymore. Griselda Records, the home of Westside Gunn, Conway, and Benny the Butcher. Grisalda make the type of music that want you to go outside and ride your bike without a helmet. Salute to the kings of the underground.

Griselda had a huge run between 2018 and 2021 with dozens of releases and additions to their roster to compliment Gunn, Conway and Benny.

These are some of my favourite records from the group, including posse cuts, features and individual records.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/61zzitaZHZegpeopBwXaw1?si=bc4fb5c9f57b425a

#### Mixtape: DMX

With DMX's passing in 2020 I sat down and put together a list of my favourite DMX records to listen to as I digested the news.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4znazXAVg5JzrSztz9QScn?si=a3d44f9ed7a548bb

#### Mixtape: Dipset vs The Lox

The most anticipated Versuz of 2020 where everybody thought that a Dipset victory was a sure thing. However, on the night, The Lox came in and slaughtered. These are my favourite records from both groups.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2LzbHSAF6thjVXQQ2srPVH?si=258d2580ec71426f

#### Mixtape: The Game

The Game was at one point Dr Dre's protege and 50 Cent's antagonist, and forever carrying the West Coast on his back. A long career with a huge catelogue of music. This mixtape features my favourite album cuts and features.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/45FOl0VxnVtt4PQejGitaB?si=943c9ae8c97f4586

#### Mixtape: Miley Cyrus

It isn't a secret that [Miley](https://miley.flamedfury.com) is my favourite musician. From TV star, to music's wild child, in 2020, Miley hit her best self with the release of Plastic Hearts.

These are my favourite Miley records.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4zVVZeKGDruP4pfD78AjHz?si=1be0dcce05b744c8

## Impactful albums

these are the albums that have impacted me in one way or another throughout my life.

- The Chipmunks Rock the House (1991)
- Rage Against The Machine (1992)
- Gangsta's Paradise (1995)
- Evil Empire (1996)
- The Slim Shady LP (1999)
- 2001 (1999)
- BTNHResurrection (2000)
- The Marshall Mathers LP (2000)

## Fan pages

Check out my mini fan pages.

- [Miley](https://miley.flamedfury.com)

## What am I listening to?

It's not often that I'm not listening to music while out and about, walking the dogs or doing chores around the house.

### Recent tracks

My last.fm most recently played tracks 3x2 as of {% currentDate %}

{% include "partials/_recentlyplayed.njk" %}

### Top albums

My last.fm top albums 3x3 for the last month as of {% currentDate %}

{% include "partials/_topalbums.njk" %}
