src/interests/gameshelf.md, before:

---
title: 'Gameshelf'
description: 'My collection of video games.'
date: 2021-02-22
updated: 2023-01-06
---

I've always been into computer games and have played them for as long as I can remember.

When I was very young, we had a commodore 64 with a selection of games on floppy disk and a couple of cartridges. I remember all of the games that we had were very hard.

I enjoyed it when we went to friends' places, and they had either Amigas or IBM compatibles.

My first console was a Sega Master System 2. We never got a Mega Drive and missed everything in between, and wound up with a Playstation at some point. We moved onto an Xbox and didn't have another console until the Playstation 3 so that I could play Grand Theft Auto 4.

Outside of those, some of my best gaming memories were on a PC. When we first got a PC, a kid on our block loaded up games, Dune 2 and Simcity 2000. The first two games we got on CD-Rom were Theme Park and Command and Conquer.

To this day, I still love computer games. I only have a little time to play video games as I once did. However, I like to play games each week.

In late 2022 I purchased a [Steam Deck](https://www.steamdeck.com/en/), a handheld gaming PC built by Valve to help me play the older games in my Steam Library. This a great little device and has allowed me to play games wherever I am. The Steam Deck is handy for playing a game, but I want to be away from the computer desk.

## Games

These are a few of the games that have my attention at the moment.

### Playing
Games that I'm currently playing:
- World of Warcraft: Dragonflight, Season 1 (PC)
- Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy (PC)
- Need For Speed (2015) (PC)
- Kingdoms of Amalur: Re-Reckoning Review (Steam Deck)

### Standbys
Games that I have installed and like to play when I'm not raiding:
- Grand Theft Auto V
- Cities: Skylines

### Want to play
Games that I've got, and want to play
- Mass Effect: Legendary Edition
- Horizon Zero Dawn

Games that I want to get, and want to play
- Assassin's Creed Valhalla
- God of War Ragnarök
- Marvel’s Spider-Man Remastered

### Need to finish
Games that I've started, but never ended up finishing:
- Assassian's Creed IV Black Flag
- Assassin's Creed Odyssey
- Mass Effect Andromeda
- Path of Exile
- Pillars of Eternity
- Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War
- Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II
- Watch_Dogs2

### Games I loved
Games that I've played, finished and loved playing:

#### PC
- Assassin's Creed II
- Assassin's Creed III
- Bioshock Inifinite
- Borderlands 2
- Darksiders II
- Diablo III
- The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
- Grand Theft Auto IV
- Kingdom's of Amalur: Reckoning
- Mass Effect
- Mass Effect 2
- Mass Effect 3
- Max Payne 3
- Saints Row: The Third
- Saints Row IV
- Tomb Raider
- Rise of the Tomb Raider
- Shadow of the Tomb Raider
- Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
- The Witcher: Enhanced Edition
- The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Edition
- The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

#### PS3
- Darksiders: Wrath of War
- Grand Theft Auto IV
- Red Dead Redepmtion
- Uncharted: Drake's Fortune
- Uncharted 2: Among Thieves
- Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception

#### Xbox
- Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
- Halo
- Max Payne
- Max Payne 2
- Need for Speed Underground

Commit message:

update permalinks on the interests pages

src/interests/gameshelf.md, after:

---
title: Gameshelf
description: I've loved computer games forever. I miss having the time and energy I used to have for them. This section collects all my gaming related pages.
permalink: /gameshelf/index.html
date: 2021-02-22
updated: 2023-01-06
---

I've always been into computer games and have played them for as long as I can remember.

When I was very young, we had a commodore 64 with a selection of games on floppy disk and a couple of cartridges. I remember all of the games that we had were very hard.

I enjoyed it when we went to friends' places, and they had either Amigas or IBM compatibles.

My first console was a Sega Master System 2. We never got a Mega Drive and missed everything in between, and wound up with a Playstation at some point. We moved onto an Xbox and didn't have another console until the Playstation 3 so that I could play Grand Theft Auto 4.

Outside of those, some of my best gaming memories were on a PC. When we first got a PC, a kid on our block loaded up games, Dune 2 and Simcity 2000. The first two games we got on CD-Rom were Theme Park and Command and Conquer.

To this day, I still love computer games. I only have a little time to play video games as I once did. However, I like to play games each week.

In late 2022 I purchased a [Steam Deck](https://www.steamdeck.com/en/), a handheld gaming PC built by Valve to help me play the older games in my Steam Library. This a great little device and has allowed me to play games wherever I am. The Steam Deck is handy for playing a game, but I want to be away from the computer desk.

## Games

These are a few of the games that have my attention at the moment.

### Playing
Games that I'm currently playing:
- World of Warcraft: Dragonflight, Season 1 (PC)
- Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy (PC)
- Need For Speed (2015) (PC)
- Kingdoms of Amalur: Re-Reckoning Review (Steam Deck)

### Standbys
Games that I have installed and like to play when I'm not raiding:
- Grand Theft Auto V
- Cities: Skylines

### Want to play
Games that I've got, and want to play
- Mass Effect: Legendary Edition
- Horizon Zero Dawn

Games that I want to get, and want to play
- Assassin's Creed Valhalla
- God of War Ragnarök
- Marvel’s Spider-Man Remastered

### Need to finish
Games that I've started, but never ended up finishing:
- Assassian's Creed IV Black Flag
- Assassin's Creed Odyssey
- Mass Effect Andromeda
- Path of Exile
- Pillars of Eternity
- Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War
- Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II
- Watch_Dogs2

### Games I loved
Games that I've played, finished and loved playing:

#### PC
- Assassin's Creed II
- Assassin's Creed III
- Bioshock Inifinite
- Borderlands 2
- Darksiders II
- Diablo III
- The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
- Grand Theft Auto IV
- Kingdom's of Amalur: Reckoning
- Mass Effect
- Mass Effect 2
- Mass Effect 3
- Max Payne 3
- Saints Row: The Third
- Saints Row IV
- Tomb Raider
- Rise of the Tomb Raider
- Shadow of the Tomb Raider
- Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
- The Witcher: Enhanced Edition
- The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Edition
- The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

#### PS3
- Darksiders: Wrath of War
- Grand Theft Auto IV
- Red Dead Redepmtion
- Uncharted: Drake's Fortune
- Uncharted 2: Among Thieves
- Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception

#### Xbox
- Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
- Halo
- Max Payne
- Max Payne 2
- Need for Speed Underground
